my name is dom hogan and i am the owner
of opis emporium
an all-natural pet product manufacturer
and retail shop as well
the company is named after opi himself
here opi
is actually a croft's champion and one
of the top french bulldogs in the uk and
he knows it as you can tell
he suddenly went yes look at me
um the company was started because i
couldn't find any suitable treats on the
market for dogs that weren't just full
of rubbish fillers
we started with the liver snaps and
since then i've added another seven
products i am into the treat range
which are all completely natural
meat-based products
apart from our five a day which is 100
fruit and veg
they're all air dried from raw and they
maintain the most amount of the kind of
nutritional value for dogs too
in september 2019 unfortunately i lost
the
production side of my business due to a
fire and my small manufacturing unit
that i had
and pretty tough setback but thanks to
my amazing customer basis
we re-launched and thankfully we have
grown from strength to strength
the business has been absolutely booming
in the past 12 months we've turned over
80 000 pounds i'm here today to ask you
for a 50 000 pound investment for a 10
share
of my business i think um opia looks
tired already so same time
for our wee disco nap and now welcome to
ask me any questions guys okay
um so you're a pet treat business yes
so your ethos is natural yeah so
i raw feed my dogs i couldn't find
treats that kind of went along with that
that weren't full of like fillers like
grain and rice and
and things so it started making my own
what else is there in the market that's
doing
something similar and so there is a
couple of other brands out there
but i think we're kind of unique because
we manufacture and the majority of the
products ourselves
we just air dry everything so there's no
preservatives there whatsoever that can
be dangerous to your dog
so how much does it sell for um so all
the treats the kind of average is
basically three pound 33
and they cost me about 85 pence
to manufacture okay so you've uh
you've got pretty decent margins there
yeah
okay so what are you on target to do for
this 12 months
we are looking at ending at around about
120 000
and what will be the gross in net profit
in that so the gross will be
um so sorry let me work
so the gross would be around about six
you know sorry seventy thousand for that
and then the net you'd be looking at
around about twenty thousand okay and so
what do you need from a dragon i think
just
pointing me in the right direction i
feel like there's so many kind of
different avenues that the business can
possibly go down right now
i'm not a business person
i didn't plan on starting a business so
i very much
i'm looking for a bit of a mentor
there's somebody who knows businesses
inside out that can help steer me in the
right direction
so you probably know that i you're my
crazy dog lady
but also you might know that i've been
in this business
the treats market through a dragon's den
investment but can i ask
have you got any new dog nutritional
background or any assistance in that
i don't have any official qualifications
it's something that i'm looking to
hopefully get yeah that's actually i
think it's quite important because
that's one thing we discovered very
very early on that we needed a dog
nutritionist to be able to
put on the back of this not just this is
what's in it this is why it says this is
white
in terms of your manufacturing capacity
how much could you make at the moment
probably between
kind of five and eight hundred packets
of treats um in a week
i think you're brave to go into
manufacturing right away
yeah i realized that after i've done it
which in some respects
if you've got a growing business that's
an asset yeah
so there's potential for the business to
grow oh
massive potential massive but are you on
amazon
have you approached any independent pet
shops have you been to pets online
who have you approached i've not
actually approached anyone
because physical time to approach anyone
hasn't been there
but i am stalked by about 30 um kind of
independent pet shops or groomers across
the uk
but as yet i've not physically
approached anyone to er to come on board
so there is a question mark on retail as
i said i am
not a business woman but
considering i'm kind of where i am
already during a pandemic i think i'm
wanting something
pretty good
dom hi one thing i was going to ask you
is just talk me through what happened
with the fire
don't have a tumble dryer in your unit
because um
that wiped everything out i was actually
at my first kind of
trade show and i was setting up as
everything was burning down
so that was pretty rubbish can't lie
thankfully no humans dogs
anything was injured everything was fine
in that sense
and but it did wipe out my whole
production setup but you had insurance
money and you were able to use it to
rebuild and
um i didn't have insurance
that was a tough lesson tough lesson to
learn but as i said i've came back from
it
i have insurance now promise you it's
good that you bounce back
yeah i had a whole host of dogs across
the uk that were
desperate for the liver snaps to come
back so i couldn't let them down i'm
going to focus
really on capacity yeah so 800 packets
is not a lot at the moment
what do you need to spend to go to sort
of
five to ten to twenty thousand a week so
what i'm looking at is
um the industrial drying ovens are
around about twenty thousand pounds
and that is what's going to take me to
thousands and thousands of packets a
week
done you've got this lovely positive
energy about you
and i bet it would be great to hang out
with you thank you for drinking
yes but there's something you've said
you've said it twice now that's just
massively worried me
you keep saying i'm not a business woman
i know i'm sorry
and i'll be really honest i don't have
really the time
the inclination really the desire yeah
to get into
specifically the pet food industry
so for that reason i won't be investing
and i'm out
sarah's so spot on because i've been
feeling it sitting here
it's a really really slightly
disappointing thing
that you've said so many times and i
wrote it down
i didn't plan to start a business i need
a mentor
i want to invest in a passionate person
that this is the one chance they've got
whereas i'm not receiving that
so sadly i'm out
i sort of disagree with peter's point
in terms of being a business person
you've demonstrated that you can create
something that's a business
and you're turning over and there's a
demand for your product
unfortunately for me it's just not a
space that i'm currently actively
looking at
so it's not going to be an investment
for me today but good luck
i'm out
so i love a lot of what you're doing
i think you can get this to a size that
you're going to make money out of
and you're going to enjoy to step into
the next arena
i've been on this journey i can tell you
my goodness is it hard
we ended up turning over millions of
pounds and i'm making
very little money you can probably hear
where i'm going
i'm out
look um as most of the dragons have said
you lack that business strategy
the fact that you've not approached
amazon you've not approached
distributors but sometimes
in a business you've got to start
with a product yeah and one thing that
you've achieved is
the product so there is a lot to do here
but because i've got my foot in the door
yeah i could well
be interested
but it comes at a price
so i'm gonna make you an offer ah
i will give you all the money
but i want 35
i'm not going to lie the percentage to
give away right now because i
am so passionate about it and it is my
baby i really don't think i could go
as high as that i would love if we could
kind of meet in the middle
at 20
what do you think
i'll give you all the money for 35
but when i get my money back within 18
months
i go down to 25
um oh gosh okay um you be
prepared to drop to the 20 after your
initial investment was back
please
how can i refuse a please like that
okay i would drop to 20 okay
still done okay
thank you so much